In the day's other news,
world powers are jousting over
how to handle North Korea's
test of an intercontinental
ballistic missile.
The president of China,
Pyongyang's closest ally,
called for restraint.
In Europe earlier today,
President Trump says
he still hopes that
Beijing can help resolve
the North Koreans'
tensions, but said the U.S.
has a range of options.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
TRUMP: I don't like to talk
about what I have planned.
But I have some pretty
severe things that we
are thinking about.
That does not mean we
are going to do them.
I don't draw red lines.
It's a shame that they're
behaving this way, but
they are behaving in
a very, very dangerous
manner and something will
have to be done about it.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
WOODRUFF: Meanwhile, there's
word that it was Russia that
blocked the U.N. Security
Council's approval of
a statement strongly
condemning that launch.
The Trump administration
has renewed its offer
to cooperate with Russia
over the Syria conflict.
In a statement last night,
Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson said the U.S.
is open to coordinating
on no fly-zones in Syria.
Later, State Department
spokeswoman Heather Nauert said
the broader American strategy
remains the same.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HEATHER NAUERT, STATE
DEPARTMENT SPOKESWOMAN:
If our two countries
can establish stability
on the ground, we believe
that will lay a foundation
for progress on the
political settlement
of Syria's future.
The policy has not changed,
some of the words and some of
the phrasing may have changed
at this point, but overall,
it's just one of a series of
options that the United States
will now consider.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
WOODRUFF: For his part, Russia's
foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov,
asked for more information
on the proposal, but said
cooperation is, quote, a
step in the right direction.
A survey commissioned by the
State Department shows diplomats
are frustrated and confused
by the Trump administration.
"The Wall Street Journal"
first reported on the document,
which was released to State
Department employees yesterday.
It comes as the president seeks
drastic cuts to diplomatic
and development funding.
Separately, the State Department
is saying the U.S. refugee
admissions program won't
be suspended until next week.
After the Supreme Court
upheld part of the Trump
administration's travel
ban, re-settlement
agencies were told to
schedule refugee arrivals
only through today.
But it's been announced that
they can now continue until July
12th, when refugee admissions
are expected to hit
their cap of 50,000.
The government ethics director
who has prodded the Trump
administration over conflicts of
interest is resigning.
Walter Shaub is stepping
down months before his
term was set to expire.
In a statement on Twitter, he
said: It has become clear to
me that we need improvements
to the existing ethics program.
This follows the resignation
of a top Justice Department
official over ethics concerns.
Democratic attorneys general
in 18 states and the District
of Columbia are suing Education
Secretary Betsy DeVos,
over her delay of rules
on for-profit colleges.
The lawsuit demands the
implementation of the
rules created under the
Obama administration.
They're meant to cancel the
student-loan debt of people
defrauded by those schools.
The Illinois House of
Representatives has voted to
over-ride the governor's veto of
a budget package.
It means that Illinois
will have its first annual
spending plan since 2015.
That is the longest
state fiscal crisis since
the Great Depression.
Lawmakers voted 71 to 42 to
approve the $36 billion budget
plan, which is funded with
a $5 billion income
tax increase.
On Wall Street today, stocks
had their biggest drop in more
than six weeks, amid signs that
hiring has slowed.
The Dow Jones Industrial
Average lost 158 points
to close at 21320.
The Nasdaq fell 61 points, and
the S&P 500 dropped almost 23.